Move fix for corrupted metadata to a command (#13621)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

.. stable branch. You can add a version label (`v/X.Y`) to the pull request for
.. an automated mergify backport.

> - Remove the automatic fix mechanism for corrupted metadata due to table swap
>   statements like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the automatic fix mechanism introduced in 5.2.1 for corrupted metadata due to table swap
  statements like::
```

Author: thx!
